Here we see Hanna and Anna Anna
always perfectly styled and hanna is
annoyed because her hair is never right
My hair is too thin
and too little for a cool cut like that
a nonsense comforts anna you want
but uncomplicated hair or too
fit you
best not shared in the morning
have to be and look beautiful for a long time
hannah have you ever shines?
I heard of organic cutting
it's you organic herr cutting is one
patented hair cutting technique of
brockmann and knödler the organic
Cutting hair is one
Further development of all known hair
cuts techniques
decisive for the revolutionary
Organic hair cuts are the
actually and the intrinsic volume of
hair all hair whether curly smooth dick
thin or light weight have one
Together they have a round up
elliptical cross section and therefore too
a round surface results
the so-called owner
that means the hair has the need
to turn in on itself
that's all natural and in nature
everything is round
considered organic her cutting
this share in the cut
does not cut wet and taut
but slightly dry and completely
without tension you can see which ones better
move the hair naturally
like the hair fits so thick
tear flows easily through the
guide hand and the cut hand follows
the movement of the hair
the hair will never be in a form
forced for example taut in one
direction
it's cut like nature's
so it keeps its longer
new form like everything in nature and is
Everything in nature is subject to that
growth and decay so too
hair
It goes through the growth and failure
phase
all have hair
different lengths in such a hair
Pass are both short and
long hairs push the short ones on the
long hair and so arises own
volume mhh organic
Haircutting is modeled with the
sliced
because in contrast to a place lock
or a knife cuts that
Scissors every single hair
clean off the different
to get harlingen
This will also preserve the intrinsic volume
whether natural or cut
graphic bob because the hair inside
the new form can grow anyway
It wants to keep the cut double up
three times as long and desperate
styling is history the hair falls
always perfect shines is voluminous and
keeps this own volume for a long time
as well as the great shape
what do you say hanna wonderful i can do it
hardly describe
You just have to make organic herr cutting
feel there is nothing off the shelf
but tailored to me
like a tailor made dress organic
Mr. Cutting leaves a new hair
language arise